fix(ANA-1376): fix gb tracker client tld issue (#231)
groupby/gb-tracker-client: README.md

The first party cookie `gbi_visitorId` is set with an empiry time of 1 year that is extended each time the shopper visits again. This is used to anonymously track the shopper.

### 5.0.0 changes

**IMPORTANT**

As of version 5.0.0, the way shopper tracking works has changed. It includes cross-domain support, but tracking only works on domains whose apex domain's TLD is not a second-level domain. Examples:

- `.com` -  You can use version 5.0.0. Shoppers will be tracked. If the cross-domain rules are met (see below), they will be tracked across your domains.
- `.co.uk` - You cannot use version 5.0.0. If you do, shoppers will not be tracked at all because the cookie-setting code will fail silently. You must wait for a version to be published after 5.0.0. The new version will include instructions for re-enabling shopper tracking.

> 

Reviewer: This section is still important to keep because versions prior to 5.0.0 did not have cross-domain support, but the text should change.

```
### 5.0.0 changes

**IMPORTANT**

As of version 5.0.0, the way shopper tracking works has changed and includes cross-domain support. Shoppers will be tracked across your domains if cross-domain rules are met (see next section). Tracking on domains whose apex domain has a two-level suffix is supported from version 5.1.2. Examples:

- `.com` -  You can use version **5.0.0** or higher.
- `.co.uk` - You can use version **5.1.2** or higher.
```

> In order to support this functionality for Second-Level-Domains such as .co.uk, a list of domains has been added to the script logic to account for these cases.
> The list is available here ![Link to the list of domains](https://github.com/groupby/gb-tracker-client/src/slds.ts)
> If a SLD you use is not available in the list, please contact support@groupbyinc.com for assistance.

Reviewer: `![alt](url)` is for images. Regular links use `[text](url)`. The path can also be relative and will be resolved appropriately.

The text can be edited to be shorter:
```suggestion
Starting with version 5.1.2, many two-level domain suffixes such as `.co.uk` are also supported.
If your domain has a multi-level suffix that is not in the [list of supported domain suffixes](src/slds.ts), please contact support@groupbyinc.com for assistance.
```
